\input texinfo @c -*-texinfo-*-
@c %**start of header
@setfilename ana-tomy.info
@settitle ANA-tomy
@setchapternewpage odd
@headings on
@c %**end of header
@c the above must appear at the start of a Texinfo file

@paragraphindent 0

@ifinfo
@node Top, Functionality, (dir), (dir)
@comment  node-name,  next,  previous,  up
@top ANA-tomy

This text documents some internals of the ANA data processing language
and program.  This edition is for ANA version 3.

@copyright{} 2009 Louis Strous

Permission is granted to make and distribute verbatim copies of this
manual provided the copyright notice and this permission notice are
preserved on all copies.

@end ifinfo

@tex
\centerline{ANA-tomy}
\centerline{The Internals of}
\centerline{the ANA Image Processing Package}
\vskip 1ex
\centerline{Louis H. Strous}
\centerline{\today}
\parindent 0pt
@end tex

@menu
* Functionality::               

@detailmenu
 --- The Detailed Node Listing ---

Functionality

* axis.h::                      

@end detailmenu
@end menu

@node Functionality,  , Top, Top
@comment  node-name,  next,  previous,  up
@chapter Functionality

@menu
* axis.h::                      
@end menu

@node axis.h,  , Functionality, Functionality
@comment  node-name,  next,  previous,  up
@section axis.h

File @file{axis.h} declares functionality to walk through a
multi-dimensional array.

@table @bullet

@item SL_ALLAXES

All axes should be traversed in their natural order.  Equivalent to
specifying all axes in ascending order.  Explicitly specified axes are
ignored.

@item SL_TAKEONED

The data should be treated as if it has one dimension containing all
elements.  Explicitly specified axes are ignored.

@item SL_NEGONED

If a single axes is explicitly specified, and if that axis is
negative, then the data should be treated as if it has one dimension
containing all elements.

@item SL_ONEAXIS

Only a single axis is allowed to be specified.

@item SL_UNIQUEAXES

All specified axes must be unique.

@item SL_EACHCOORD

The currently selected axis goes first.  The remaining axes come after
that, in their original order.  The user gets access to all
coordinates.

@item SL_AXISCOORD

The currently selected axis goes first.  The remaining axes come after
that, lumped together as much as possible.  The user gets access only
to the coordinate along the selected axis.

@item SL_AXESBLOCK

All specified axes go first, in the specified order.  The remaining
axes come later, in their original order.  The user gets access to all
coordinates.  Implies SL_UNIQUEAXES.

@item SL_EACHROW

@code{advanceLoop} advances the data by rows rather than elements.
The user must advance the data pointer by elements for each row.

@item SL_EACHBLOCK

@code{advanceLoop} advances the data in blocks corresponding to all
selected axes.  The user must advance the data pointer by elements for
each block.  Implies SL_AXESBLOCK.

@end table

@c --------------------------------------

@contents
@bye
